DOC-2828 Moved Auto Tiering install to install on Linux. (#2965)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/installing-upgrading/install/install-on-linux.md

weight: 10
alwaysopen: false
categories: ["RS"]
aliases: [
 "/rs/installing-upgrading/install/prepare-install/prepare-flash",

>  "/rs/installing-upgrading/install/prepare-install/prepare-flash.md",

Reviewer: We can skip the ".md" alias
```suggestion
```

1. Repeat this process for each node in the cluster.

## Auto Tiering installation

If you want to use Auto Tiering for your databases, review the prerequisites, storage requirements, and [other considerations]({{< relref "/rs/databases/auto-tiering/" >}}) for Auto Tiering databases and prepare and format the flash memory.

> After completing the [Install on Linux]({{< relref "rs/installing-upgrading/install/install-on-linux#install-on-linux" >}}), use the `prepare_flash` script to prepare and format flash memory:

Reviewer: Replacing the old relref with an in-page anchor link
```suggestion
After you [install on Linux](#install-on-linux), use the `prepare_flash` script to prepare and format flash memory:
```
